---
title: "Data Source scalr_current_run"
category: "6380b9efad50240652eec1fc"
description: |-
  Allows you to get information about the current Terraform run when using a Scalr remote backend workspace, including VCS (Git) metadata.
  No arguments are required. The data source returns details of the current run based on the SCALR_RUN_ID shell variable that is automatically exported in the Scalr remoted backend.
---

# Data Source `scalr_current_run`

Allows you to get information about the current Terraform run when using a Scalr remote backend workspace, including VCS (Git) metadata.

No arguments are required. The data source returns details of the current run based on the `SCALR_RUN_ID` shell variable that is automatically exported in the Scalr remoted backend.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scalr_current_run" example {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment, in the format `env-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the run, in the format `run-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `is_destroy` (Boolean) Boolean indicates if this is a "destroy" run.
- `is_dry` (Boolean) Boolean indicates if this is a dry run, i.e. triggered by a Pull Request (PR). No apply phase if this is true.
- `message` (String) Message describing how the run was triggered.
- `source` (String) The source of the run (VCS, API, Manual).
- `vcs` (Block List) Contains details of the VCS configuration if the workspace is linked to a VCS repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcs))
- `workspace_name` (String) Workspace name.

<a id="nestedblock--vcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String) The linked VCS repo branch.
- `commit` (List of Object) Details of the last commit to the linked VCS repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs--commit))
- `repository_id` (String) ID of the VCS repo in the format `:org/:repo`.

<a id="nestedatt--vcs--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs.commit`

Read-Only:

- `author` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vcs--commit--author))
- `message` (String)
- `sha` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--vcs--commit--author"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs.commit.author`

Read-Only:

- `username` (String)
