---
title: scalr_environment
slug: provider_datasource_scalr_environment
category:
  uri: scalr-terraform-provider
parent:
  uri: provider_datasources
privacy:
  view: public
position: 6
---
## Data Source: scalr_environment

Retrieves information about environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scalr_environment" "example1" {
  id         = "env-xxxxxxxxxx"
  account_id = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
}

data "scalr_environment" "example2" {
  name       = "environment-name"
  account_id = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the Scalr account, in the format `acc-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `id` (String) The environment ID, in the format `env-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `name` (String) Name of the environment.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (List of Object) Details of the user that created the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `default_provider_configurations` (List of String) List of IDs of provider configurations, used in the environment workspaces by default.
- `default_workspace_agent_pool_id` (String) Default agent pool that will be set for the entire environment. It will be used by a workspace if no other pool is explicitly linked.
- `federated_environments` (Set of String) The list of environment identifiers that are allowed to access this environment, or `["*"]` if shared with all environments.
- `mask_sensitive_output` (Boolean) Enable masking of the sensitive console output.
- `policy_groups` (List of String) List of the environment policy-groups IDs, in the format `pgrp-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `remote_backend` (Boolean) If Scalr exports the remote backend configuration and state storage for your infrastructure management. Disabling this feature will also prevent the ability to perform state locking, which ensures that concurrent operations do not conflict. Additionally, it will disable the capability to initiate CLI-driven runs through Scalr.
- `status` (String) The status of an environment.
- `storage_profile_id` (String) The storage profile for this environment.
- `tag_ids` (List of String) List of tag IDs associated with the environment.

<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `full_name` (String)
- `username` (String)
