---
title: "scalr_policy_group"
categorySlug: "scalr-terraform-provider"
slug: "provider_datasource_scalr_policy_group"
parentDocSlug: "provider_datasources"
hidden: false
order: 15
---
## Data Source: scalr_policy_group

Retrieves the details of a policy group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scalr_policy_group" "example1" {
  id         = "pgrp-xxxxxxxxxx"
  account_id = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
}

data "scalr_policy_group" "example2" {
  name       = "instance_types"
  account_id = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the Scalr account.
- `id` (String) The identifier of a policy group.
- `name` (String) The name of a policy group.

### Read-Only

- `common_functions_folder` (String) An absolute path from the repository root to the folder that contains common rego functions.
- `environments` (List of String) A list of the environments the policy group is linked to, or `["*"]` if enforced in all environments.
- `error_message` (String) An error details if Scalr failed to process the policy group.
- `opa_version` (String) The version of the Open Policy Agent that the policy group is using.
- `policies` (List of Object) A list of the OPA policies the policy group verifies each run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `status` (String) A system status of the policy group.
- `vcs_provider_id` (String) The VCS provider identifier for the repository where the policy group resides. In the format `vcs-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `vcs_repo` (List of Object) Contains VCS-related meta-data for the policy group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vcs_repo))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `enforced_level` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--vcs_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_repo`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String)
- `identifier` (String)
- `path` (String)
