---
title: scalr_variable
slug: provider_datasource_scalr_variable
category:
  uri: Scalr Terraform Provider
parent:
  uri: provider_datasources
privacy:
  view: public
position: 25
---
## Data Source: scalr_variable

Retrieves the details of a variable.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scalr_variable" "example1" {
  id         = "var-xxxxxxxxxx"
  account_id = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
}

data "scalr_variable" "example2" {
  key            = "key"
  category       = "terraform"
  account_id     = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
  environment_id = "env-xxxxxxxxxx"
  workspace_id   = "ws-xxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account, in the format `acc-<RANDOM STRING>`
- `category` (String) The category of a Scalr variable.
- `environment_id` (String) The identifier of the Scalr environment, in the format `env-<RANDOM STRING>`. Used to shrink the scope of the variable in case the variable name exists in multiple environments.
- `id` (String) ID of a Scalr variable.
- `key` (String) The name of a Scalr variable.
- `workspace_id` (String) The identifier of the Scalr workspace, in the format `ws-<RANDOM STRING>`. Used to shrink the scope of the variable in case the variable name exists on multiple workspaces.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Variable verbose description, defaults to empty string.
- `final` (Boolean) If the variable is configured as final. Indicates whether the variable can be overridden on a lower scope down the Scalr organizational model.
- `hcl` (Boolean) If the variable is configured as a string of HCL code.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) If the variable is configured as sensitive.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the variable was updated.
- `updated_by` (List of Object) Details of the user that updated the variable last time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--updated_by))
- `updated_by_email` (String) Email of the user who updated the variable last time.
- `value` (String) Variable value.

<a id="nestedatt--updated_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `updated_by`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `full_name` (String)
- `username` (String)
