---
title: scalr_checkov_integration
slug: provider_resource_scalr_checkov_integration
category:
  uri: scalr-terraform-provider
parent:
  uri: provider_resources
privacy:
  view: public
position: 6
---
## Resource: scalr_checkov_integration

Manages the state of Checkov integrations in Scalr.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Checkov integration.

### Optional

- `cli_args` (String) CLI parameters to be passed to checkov command.
- `environments` (Set of String) List of environments this integration is linked to. Use `["*"]` to allow in all environments.
- `external_checks_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether external checks should be enabled. Default `false`.
- `vcs_provider_id` (String) ID of VCS provider in the format `vcs-<RANDOM STRING>`. Required if `external_checks_enabled` is `true`.
- `vcs_repo` (Block List) Settings for the Checkov integration's VCS repository. Required if `external_checks_enabled` is `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcs_repo))
- `version` (String) Version of the Checkov integration to use.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--vcs_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_repo`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) A reference to your VCS repository. For GitHub, GitHub Enterprise and GitLab the format is `<org>/<repo>`. For Azure DevOps Services the format is `<org>/<project>/<repo>`.

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch of a repository the Checkov custom checks are associated with.
- `path` (String) The sub-directory of the VCS repository where Checkov checks are stored. If omitted or specified as an empty string, this defaults to the repository's root.
