---
title: "scalr_environment"
categorySlug: "scalr-terraform-provider"
slug: "provider_resource_scalr_environment"
parentDocSlug: "provider_resources"
hidden: false
order: 7
---
## Resource: scalr_environment

Manages the state of environments in Scalr.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scalr_environment" "test" {
  name                            = "test-env"
  account_id                      = "acc-xxxxxxxxxx"
  default_provider_configurations = ["pcfg-xxxxxxxxxx", "pcfg-yyyyyyyyyy"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the environment.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account, in the format `acc-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `default_provider_configurations` (Set of String) List of IDs of provider configurations, used in the environment workspaces by default.
- `default_workspace_agent_pool_id` (String) Default agent pool that will be set for the entire environment. It will be used by a workspace if no other pool is explicitly linked.
- `federated_environments` (Set of String) The list of environment identifiers that are allowed to access this environment. Use `["*"]` to share with all environments.
- `mask_sensitive_output` (Boolean) Enable masking of the sensitive console output. Defaults to `true`.
- `remote_backend` (Boolean) If Scalr exports the remote backend configuration and state storage for your infrastructure management. Disabling this feature will also prevent the ability to perform state locking, which ensures that concurrent operations do not conflict. Additionally, it will disable the capability to initiate CLI-driven runs through Scalr.
- `storage_profile_id` (String) The storage profile for this environment. If not set, the account's default storage profile will be used.
- `tag_ids` (Set of String) List of tag IDs associated with the environment.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (List of Object) Details of the user that created the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `policy_groups` (List of String) List of the environment policy-groups IDs, in the format `pgrp-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `status` (String) The status of the environment.

<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `full_name` (String)
- `username` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import scalr_environment.example env-xxxxxxxxxx
```
