---
title: scalr_module
slug: provider_resource_scalr_module
category:
  uri: Scalr Terraform Provider
parent:
  uri: provider_resources
privacy:
  view: public
position: 15
---
## Resource: scalr_module

Manages the state of a module in the Private Modules Registry. Create and destroy operations are available only.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scalr_module" "example" {
  namespace_id    = scalr_module_namespace.shared.id
  vcs_provider_id = "vcs-xxxxxxxxxx"
  vcs_repo {
    identifier = "org/repo"
    path       = "example/terraform-<provider>-<name>"
    tag_prefix = "aws/"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vcs_provider_id` (String) The identifier of a VCS provider in the format `vcs-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `vcs_repo` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Source configuration of a VCS repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcs_repo))

### Optional

- `account_id` (String, Deprecated) The identifier of the account in the format `acc-<RANDOM STRING>`. If it is not specified the module will be registered globally and available across the whole installation. **Deprecated:** Use `namespace_id` instead.
- `environment_id` (String, Deprecated) The identifier of an environment in the format `env-<RANDOM STRING>`. If it is not specified the module will be registered at the account level and available across all environments within the account specified in `account_id` attribute. **Deprecated:** Use `namespace_id` instead.
- `namespace_id` (String) The identifier of a module namespace in the format `modns-<RANDOM STRING>`. If specified, the module will be registered in this namespace. Conflicts with `environment_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `module_provider` (String) Module provider name, e.g `aws`, `azurerm`, `google`, etc.
- `name` (String) Name of the module, e.g. `rds`, `compute`, `kubernetes-engine`.
- `source` (String) The source of a remote module in the private registry, e.g `env-xxxx/aws/vpc`.
- `status` (String) A system status of the Module.

<a id="nestedblock--vcs_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_repo`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) The identifier of a VCS repository in the format `:org/:repo` (`:org/:project/:name` is used for Azure DevOps). It refers to an organization and a repository name in a VCS provider.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path to the root module folder. It is expected to have the format `<path>/terraform-<provider_name>-<module_name>`, where `<path>` stands for any folder within the repository inclusively a repository root.
- `tag_prefix` (String) Registry ignores tags which do not match specified prefix, e.g. `aws/`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import scalr_module.example mod-xxxxxxxxxx
```
