---
title: scalr_variable
slug: provider_resource_scalr_variable
category:
  uri: Scalr Terraform Provider
parent:
  uri: provider_resources
privacy:
  view: public
position: 30
---
## Resource: scalr_variable

Manages the state of variables in Scalr.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scalr_variable" "example1" {
  key          = "my_key_name"
  value        = "my_value_name"
  category     = "terraform"
  description  = "variable description"
  workspace_id = "ws-xxxxxxxxxx"
}

resource "scalr_variable" "example2" {
  key          = "xyz"
  value        = jsonencode(["foo", "bar"])
  hcl          = true
  category     = "terraform"
  workspace_id = "ws-yyyyyyyyyy"
}

# Using write-only value (Terraform 1.11+)
resource "scalr_variable" "example3" {
  key              = "secret_key"
  value_wo         = ephemeral.aws_secretsmanager_secret.my_secret.secret_string
  value_wo_version = 1 # Increment to trigger an update when the secret changes
  category         = "terraform"
  sensitive        = true
  workspace_id     = "ws-zzzzzzzzzz"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) Indicates if this is a Terraform or shell variable. Allowed values are `terraform` or `shell`.
- `key` (String) Key of the variable.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account, in the format `acc-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `description` (String) Variable verbose description, defaults to empty string.
- `environment_id` (String) The environment that owns the variable, specified as an ID, in the format `env-<RANDOM STRING>`.
- `final` (Boolean) Set (true/false) to configure as final. Indicates whether the variable can be overridden on a lower scope down the Scalr organizational model. Default `false`.
- `force` (Boolean) Set (true/false) to configure as force. Allows creating final variables on higher scope, even if the same variable exists on lower scope (lower is to be deleted). Default `false`.
- `hcl` (Boolean) Set (true/false) to configure the variable as a string of HCL code. Has no effect for `category = "shell"` variables. Default `false`.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Set (true/false) to configure as sensitive. Sensitive variable values are not visible after being set. Default `false`.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Variable value.
- `value_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Write-only variable value. Use instead of `value` when working with ephemeral values (Terraform 1.11+). Not stored in state. Requires `value_wo_version` to trigger updates.
- `value_wo_version` (Number) Version number for `value_wo`. Increment to trigger an update when the write-only value changes.
- `workspace_id` (String) The workspace that owns the variable, specified as an ID, in the format `ws-<RANDOM STRING>`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `readable_value` (String) A non-sensitive read-only copy of a variable value. Will be null if the variable is sensitive.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the variable was updated.
- `updated_by` (List of Object) Details of the user that updated the variable last time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--updated_by))
- `updated_by_email` (String) Email of the user who updated the variable last time.

<a id="nestedatt--updated_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `updated_by`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `full_name` (String)
- `username` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import scalr_variable.example var-xxxxxxxxxx
```
